docs: add CLI reference to docs (#1942)
kubeshop/tracetest: docs/docs/cli/generated/tracetest_test_run.md

# CLI Referece
## tracetest test run

> run a test

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run a test on Tracetest server
```

### Synopsis

> run a test using a definition or an id

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run a test on Tracetest server using a definition file or a test ID
```
